feat: change config validation order (#1520)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/tender-vans-cover.md

---
"@redocly/openapi-core": minor
"@redocly/cli": minor
---

> Changed command execution flow to resolve configuration extendedTypes and plugins before linting it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changed resolution process to include extendedTypes and plugins before linting.
```
